docs(core): expand e2e split guide (#21689)
nrwl/nx: docs/nx-cloud/features/split-e2e-tasks.md

      "apps/admin-e2e/project.json",
      "nx/core/target-defaults"
    ],
    "targets.lint": ["apps/admin-e2e/project.json", "nx/core/project-json"],
    "targets.lint.executor": [
      "apps/admin-e2e/project.json",
      "nx/core/project-json"
    ],
    "targets.lint.inputs": [
      "apps/admin-e2e/project.json",
      "nx/core/target-defaults"
    ],
    "targets.lint.cache": [
      "apps/admin-e2e/project.json",
      "nx/core/target-defaults"
    ],
    "name": ["apps/admin-e2e/project.json", "nx/core/project-json"],
    "$schema": ["apps/admin-e2e/project.json", "nx/core/project-json"],
    "sourceRoot": ["apps/admin-e2e/project.json", "nx/core/project-json"],
    "tags": ["apps/admin-e2e/project.json", "nx/core/project-json"],
    "implicitDependencies": [
      "apps/admin-e2e/project.json",
      "nx/core/project-json"
    ],
    "implicitDependencies.admin": [
      "apps/admin-e2e/project.json",
      "nx/core/project-json"
    ],
    "targets.lint.outputs": [
      "apps/admin-e2e/project.json",
      "nx/core/project-json"
    ]
  }
}
```

{% /project-details %}

You'll see that there are tasks named `e2e`, `e2e-ci` and a task for each e2e test file.

> Developers can run all e2e tests locally in the standard way:

Reviewer: should we say what the 'standard way' is here? personally, I think it assumes too much.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps `non-distributed` way is more explicit?

## Benefits

With more granular e2e tasks, all the other features of Nx become more powerful. Let's imagine a scenario where there are 10 spec files in a single e2e project and each spec file takes 3 minutes to run.

### Improved Caching

[Nx's cache](/ci/features/remote-cache) can be used for all the individual e2e tasks that succeeded and only the failed tasks need to be re-run. Without e2e task splitting, a single spec file failing would force you to re-run all the e2e tests for the project, which would take 30 minutes. With e2e task splitting, a single spec file that fails can be re-run in 3 minutes and the other successful spec file results can be retrieved from the cache.

### Better Distribution

[Distributed task execution](/ci/features/distribute-task-execution) allows your e2e tests to be run on multiple machines simultaneously, which reduces the total time of the CI pipeline. Without e2e task splitting, the CI pipeline has to take at least 30 minutes to complete because the one e2e task needs that long to finish. With e2e task splitting, a fully distributed pipeline with 10 agents could finish in 3 minutes.

### More Precise Flaky Task Identification

> Nx Agents can [automatically re-run failed flaky e2e tests](/ci/features/flaky-tasks) on a separate agent without a developer needing to manually re-run the CI pipeline. Without e2e task splitting, Nx can identify that the e2e tests in general are flaky. With e2e task splitting, Nx can identify which specific file is flaky - this way you can more quickly solve the problem.

Reviewer: this section reads a bit wonky to me. 

I think the `in general` is a bit off. 

and `can identify` should be `identifies` 

maybe?
```suggestion
Nx Agents [automatically re-run failed flaky e2e tests](/ci/features/flaky-tasks) on a separate agent without a developer needing to manually re-run the CI pipeline. 
Leveraging e2e task splitting, Nx identifies the specific flaky test file - this way you can quickly fix the offending test file. Without e2e splitting, Nx identifies only the e2e tests are flaky - requiring you to find the flaky test on your own.
```

idk if it's better just something to go off.
